docs/glossary.md, before:

# Glossary

A glossary of common terms used in the InvenioRDM GitHub Archiver.

```{glossary}
API
    API stands for _application programming interface_. An API is an
    interface through which interactions between software can take place. It
    is an approach for software systems to communicate with each other.

Boffo
    Boffo stands for _**Barc**o**des **f**rom **FO**lio_, a Google Apps
    Script that provides a function for Google sheets to look up item
    barcodes in FOLIO.

FOLIO
    FOLIO stands for _Future Of Libraries Is OPEN_. It is an open-source
    library services platform.

JSON
    JSON stands for _JavaScript Object Notation_. An open-standard format for
    storing data. The format uses a textual notation that is more or less
    human readable. It can be used to store lists, texts, numbers,
    attribute-value pairs, and more.

PAT
    PAT stands for _personal access token_. A PAT is string of characters
    used to authenticate a user when accessing a network service; it is a
    alternative to authentication via account+password combinations. PATs
    are used by both GitHub and InvenioRDM.
```

Commit message:

docs: add more glossary items

docs/glossary.md, after:

# Glossary

A glossary of common terms used in the InvenioRDM GitHub Archiver.

```{glossary}
API
    API stands for _application programming interface_. An API is an
    interface through which interactions between software can take place. It
    is an approach for software systems to communicate with each other.

Barcode
    In the context of Boffo, a barcode is a unique identifier assigned to
    an item. For example, 

Boffo
    Boffo stands for _**B**arc**o**des **f**rom **FO**LIO_, a program written
    in Google Apps Script that provides a function for
    [Google Sheets](https://www.google.com/sheets/about/) to look
    up item barcodes in FOLIO.

FOLIO
    FOLIO stands for _Future Of Libraries Is OPEN_. It is an open-source
    library services platform.

Google Apps Script
    [Google Apps Script](https://www.google.com/script/start/) is a
    programming language and development environment that makes it possible
    to add functionality to Google Sheets.

Google Sheet
    A [Google Sheet](https://www.google.com/sheets/about/) is an online
    spreadsheet environment provided by Google.

Item
    In FOLIO, an _item_ refers to a single physical or electronic object that
    can be circulated to patrons. This could be a book, a journal issue, an
    object such as a digital tablet, and so on.

    Sometimes _item_ is short for _item record_, which in FOLIO is a digital
    database record that contains information needed to identify and track a
    single item. The fields in this digital record include barcode,
    availability, and material type.

LSP
    Library Services Platform. A digital system for managing items
    maintained in a library.

PAT
    PAT stands for _personal access token_. A PAT is string of characters
    used to authenticate a user when accessing a network service; it is a
    alternative to authentication via account+password combinations. PATs
    are used by both GitHub and InvenioRDM.
```
